true
hello
good hair tiger sauce
well good afternoon where are we it's
afternoon but
good morning good night according to the progress
of
during his way we are living
morning light
well I'm
antonius I'm not from chiapas mexico
-juan antonio xiol
short mexico chiapas and I come with all of
them and them
well the truth is that I feel a
little nervous I
didn't
know the story
of the companion who is making a
name for himself this day to the uncle of the nines
being of hysterics of this companion who
we are the calling live break
I apologize for that too it's time
however the
team
we are
are
well in mexico there is the idea or if there is
the idea that
death is celebrated in mexico to return would exist you say
famous to live
but in reality we us in
our towns I am from an indigenous town
in fact they say we and we and there
and from in recent
meetings
in reality what we celebrate is life
webber and celebrities live
life from the memory that we
have of the people is of
type i around
there a long time ago
the companions and the companions
zapatistas released a text that you
can look for that is the flower of the
word and
make it of compañeros or compañeras
zapatistas of release text of djukic
sites by colt with the flower of the word
the flower of the word
well actually but that the
correct text is called do not die at the flower of
the word the fundi mining is do not die at
the flower of the word and I bring it
right now because it is a it is
a text it is a reflection it is a
memory dedicated to all the people
who are no longer with us and we are
going to bring it to bring it now
we that follow this text observe
objective I smell the grunts but that
now we and we are the
extension of them we are the extension of
their word they can the extension ace
other words
the text says more or less how
the flower of the word will not die of text six goals
on line
world of the flower world by
may die
grade there are those who name it today with names
of flowers of all of us
we are today having a
word classroom fox and bernal we have the
world and well the text is very long
simply I want to get to what  I
want to tell you from texis I really love
that would like to get to where the
world is
that we in life while we live
we have
the voice
eldad pop
here
to
dissent
or
if you are the
pivots
I am
my lineage and
that being alive
we will see
is a power that possibility and many
times we do not use the word well or we
use it to say things that do
not help those who come
the sun epic times only when they will be
like we have the power to speak to the soul
times which we speak without helping
those work combined and I say those who
come because we as
indigenous peoples of Mexico it is because I am
from there but surely in another world
in other worlds there are other
indigenous peoples a nice day that big is in an
original form
indignant I live promexico that is
bringing from
ok
we are very present and they always
emphasize to us in
our growth that life is
broader than ourselves in this
time that life will continue is very
present
bryn gwyn iberclear from lightsquared a
billion and it has nothing to do with
whether I want to have children  or I don't want to
have children or yes because I'm going to bring
children to this violent world but
life will go on despite us
air is the web tape can stir
heart journal of family world studios
with the [ __ ] the life of those all we
of cars and then we are responsible for the
future well yes we are
responsible for that future in which there will
be this other life and what is it that we
want to enter what is our word
that we want to highlight what are the
works that we want to leave on the
rest softbol for the future
benítez in world where do we believe the
world in
the future that we want a the future is
the words with then when we talk
about the word that will not die at the flower
of the word we are talking about
reflection we are talking about the heart we
are talking about the desires that we
want to build for ourselves
at this moment and for those who follow
according to louis picker value of world of
flowers first and culebra website bout
artist yesterday in juarez
and
well I think I'm
alone I wanted to tell you that thank you very much
to god for the intensive and thank you very much
for
making me participate with them well
thanks to them that they invited me also
the text
and now and right now I am  meeting
another person who, as I told you, I'm
very sorry, I met him, I don't know you very well,
you guys, but well, here we are,
even if it's at a distance, there's nothing, look, we're
working as a team in the old days,
thank you.